# Voting Using Blockchain

Voting is a basic process that keeps a nation's governmental system working especially in a country like India, which boasts of which the largest democracy in the world. However, with larger number of people in the country ,the implications of a wrong  decision also affects many. It can become difficult to accurately and efficiently keep track of each voter’s eligibility and legitimacy to participate. On top of this, there are also other issues including lack of transparency and potential corruption which discourages many from voting at all.

Our solution helps to select the right party candidate with the help of online voting or digitize in-person elections using Azure blockchain. First of all,the voting information is loaded and voters are given accounts using which they can cast their vote. These accounts have been authenticated with Facial Recognition to stop unauthorized access to a person's vote. The organizer of the election creates an account, after which, they will be able to send invites to all the voters eligible for the current election. With our website we aim to increase the trustworthiness and transparency of elections while also simplifying the voting process. Our system is based on blockchain technology, whose main advantage is that it’s immutable. Nobody can influence the voting process or manipulate the results. Moreover,in the near future,we plan to encrypt the votes so they cannot be linked to the identity of a voter. Using our platform, 


